

   Ivie Usage
-------------------------------

Ivie has a handful of arguments that are usable to set the initial state. Arguments in square brackets are optional.

Ivie.exe [-r] [-mode=<n>] file_or_folder_path

 -r (alternatively --recursive)
	Enables recursive scanning mode 
 
 -mode=<n> where <n> is 1 or 'normal' for normal mode (default) or 2 or 'manga' for manga mode (alternatively --normal-mode or --manga-mode)
 	Sets the display mode between normal and manga.

 file_or_folder_path
 	The target file or folder. If a folder path is given it is scanned and the first supported image file based on the sorting mode is displayed.


   Ivie Keybinds
-------------------------------

Left mouse drag  	: Move image
Left mouse click 	: Scale to 100%
Right mouse click 	: Scale to fit
Mouse wheel scroll	: Scale image
Mouse wheel press and drag : Scale image (moving up/right scales up and vice versa)

Left arrow  : Previous Image
Right arrow : Next Image

Mouse button 4 (back button)    : Previous Image (hold ctrl to go back 10 images)
Mouse button 5 (forward button) : Next Image (hold ctrl to go forward 10 images)

Page Up 	: Go back 10 images
Page Down 	: Go forward 10 images

Numpad Plus  : Zoom in.
Numpad Minus : Zoom out.

M : Toggles "Manga" mode
	image is scaled to 100%, mouse wheel scrolling moves image vertically
	instead of scaling and changing current image returns position to top.
	Image can still be scaled by holding down mouse wheel and dragging.
	
R : Toggles recursive scanning, when enabled all subdirectories under current path will also be scanned for images.

H 		: Toggles viewer info on screen.
Shift-H	: Toggles viewer info on screen but leaves file number visible.

G : Opens Windows Explorer to current file.
D : Opens Windows "Open With" dialog.

S : Cycles through sorting options (sort by name, sort by type, sort by last modified) and ascending/descending
Shift-S : Cycle sorting options in the other direction

Q : Quits

Shift-Delete: Deletes the current file WITHOUT ADDITIONAL PROMPTS.

Ctrl-Shift-C: Copies current file path.

Drag and Drop file on window : Opens the image file or first valid image of the directory that was dropped.
                               Always changes working directory even if it doesn't have any viewable files.


-- Probably broken or not advised to be used

, (comma)  : Rotates image counter clockwise and OVERWRITES THE FILE WITH THE NEW ROTATION.
. (period) : Rotates image clockwise and OVERWRITES THE FILE WITH THE NEW ROTATION.


-- Debug binds

P  : Toggles image filtering between linear and nearest (linear: smooth, nearest: blocky/pixelated)

Z  : Rotates image counter clockwise.
X  : Rotates image clockwise.

F1 : Shows viewer manager status.
F2 : Shows thread scheduler status.

F5 : Reloads current image and its display shader.
F6 : Reloads background shader.

F9 : Toggle FPS value visibility.

-- Debug stuff that might be disabled

F10 : Pause/resume zone profiler.
F11 : Write zone profiler data to profile.xml.
Numpad Asterisk : Show zone profiler visualizer.
